Community Docs (#2069)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/community/contributing/contributing-realtime-events.md

---

### Speak at a Meetup

#### Overview

Meetups are a place to engage and interact with your fellow dbt Community members (in person when possible but sometimes online). We’ve got 21 Meetups in 16 countries.

#### Contribution opportunities

Give a talk! Meetups are all about sharing your knowledge with other analytics practitioners. Have you recently solved a problem in your data organization, published a package or generally done something of interest to the dbt Community? Meet your local pals and share what you’ve done at a meetup.

#### Sample contributions

- Take a look at [the slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iqVjzxxRggMnRoI40ku88miDKw795djpKV_v4bbLpPE/edit#slide=id.g553a984de0_0_19) and [watch the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF7HH8JDUS0) from Kenny Ning's 2020 Meetup talk on predicting customer conversions with dbt and ML for Better.com.
- Dig into [the deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wE8NSkFPLFKGQ8fvFUUKoZFVoUhws_FhFip-9mDhoPU/edit#slide=id.p) and [the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhH614WVufM) from Bowery Farmings talk on migrating dbt models from Redshift to Snowflake.

#### Get Started

> Read [How to Deliver a Fantastic Meetup Talk](https://www.getdbt.com/community/speaking-at-a-meetup/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Read [How to Deliver a Fantastic Meetup Talk](https://www.getdbt.com/community/speaking-at-a-meetup/).
- Find a [Meetup near you](https://www.meetup.com/pro/dbt/), start attending and let the organizers know you are interested!
```

### Speak at Coalesce

#### Overview

[Coalesce](https://coalesce.getdbt.com/) is the annual analytics engineering conference hosted by dbt Labs. While Meetups are focused on sharing knowledge with a specific local hub of the Community - Coalesce is the way to share ideas with everyone. Each year we gather together, take stock of what we’ve learned and pool our best ideas about analytics.

#### Contribution opportunities

- Attend Coalesce:
  - Coalesce is the once a year gathering for analytics engineers. Whether you choose to join online or at one of our in-person events, attending Coalesce is the best way to get an immersive experience of what the dbt Community is like.
- Speak at Coalesce!

>   - We’d love to hear what you’ve been working on, thinking about and dreaming up in the analytics engineering space. Coalesce talks can be forward looking views on the industry, deep dives into particular technical solutions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We’d love to hear what you’ve been working on, thinking about and dreaming up in the analytics engineering space. Coalesce talks can be forward looking views on the industry, deep dives into particular technical solutions or personal stories about your journey in data.
```

#### Sample contributions

- [Run Your Data Team as a Product Team](https://www.getdbt.com/coalesce-2020/run-your-data-team-as-a-product-team/)
- [Tailoring dbt's incremental_strategy to Artsy's data needs](https://www.getdbt.com/coalesce-2021/tailoring-dbts-incremental-strategy-to-artsys-data-needs/)

#### Get Started

> - If registrations are open register at the [Coalesce Site](https://coalesce.getdbt.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If registrations are open register on the [Coalesce website](https://coalesce.getdbt.com/)
```
